the UFO is a bridge for perception, by which we are accessing another reality 
glimpse outside of our reality tunnel 
UFO like a crack of light seen from inside the womb 

similarity to a birth experience

with the orb, was there something spoken? a communication in that liminal space. 

nothing you can do will be able to reduce this experience to a model for your reality 

imaginal - a realm outside our senses 


experiencing the map, instead of reality, imagining that we are experiencing the terrain, but we are simply lost in the map. the ufo is poking a hole in the map, inverting the zen moon and finger, the map is useless, and see what is on the other side of the finger, the ufo is the finger pointing back at us. our identity is the map. 


metaphor
primal abandonment trauma
looking to reunite with the mother - everything is filtered through this trauma, being ripped away from the mother 
flashback to being born?
the ego is created by trauma and it's a fantasy realm in which we live - living in a dream world which means we are not intteracting with reality

atavistic memory. 
as a sperm seeing the ovum, white glowing sphere, sperm doesn't have eyes and it wants to fuse with the ovum - life will be created. 
the ufo is equivalent to primordial experiences of conception and birth - crack of light / elipsis and the orb being drawn towards - we get taken inside the orb.

the encounter with the other is something that is completely unknown, completely alien to our interpretation system asking you to put down your map and experience reality for what it is 

self / trauma / map / conception / birth / yoni / mandala / aperture

rearranging the elements of the dream so we can stay asleep vs moving towards the unknown. 

feminine mandala, sphere, yoni, sphere - feminine symbols 
essence of the ufo is a call to attention to the lost feminine, the mother ship to come and take us into it's womb, carry us to a new to be reborn 

ufo is an aperture that is drawing us into another reality, like love, real communion, requires passing through the other person and into another state of being

vesica presis?

